Mr. Hi Uesugi is a new work This time I will talk about the technique to remove the guard
I think
Because removing the guard Ya piece of the street party in situ
It is a technique to aim at the piece by attacking the piece protecting the important masu
So let's look at the simple guard , no doctor
The
For example this position
Here and now white is not that you have to attack the bishop due to this Fe shop is not
It is protected
So if it's a white board , white will attack b5
And since I ran away, the guard of the shop was removed this day
You can take an idol audition and get a piece
The technique of removing the card in is an effective technique also when aiming at a checkmate etc.
Please have a look at this position
In this position is now a white board, but there are these two powerful pass pawns in black and then
Aim for a checkmate from a check such as clean f 3
Te There is also a muscle is white mail to a seemingly desperate situation, but Te here chestnut-One effect遊舞
there is
We will not protest even the Queen in not only put a Well check
Well , I'm going to take this country cleanly because I lose if I get a black frame person, but here
The guard of the eighth step was removed in
White is look d 8 check checkmate using this This gold does not run away
so
I was able to fight at university as it was cherry blossoms
So let's stop the video because we have three more positions
Please consider first the first position
Clap
Remove the guard at the 7th base
Please try to stop winning the video and think
This position is now attacking this pink is not this
However, because it is protected by this pawn
First subject is bishop take d 5 f
Although guard in the night by first be erased this pawn of the check was out of
Well words this 浮黒is remains to take this day shop is white is taking next ed 4 and Sasuke
It is a check
This king can only escape to these three corners and after fleeing
As protection without this has been removed
Without this King Teppei White could get a piece
No, let's enter into the second position
The
This is also a white turn Remove the card and aim for victory Stop the video and think about it
Please give me
The point to focus on the correct answer for this position is that there is little room for this Ting
It means
For example, if here you Luke, for example,
In such a place
Good tobacco have
It will come Chekkume' by and stab Might f 7
Remove aim the white from the somehow here to protect this loop in this Potchon, etc.
It is
So here freshly refers to the white N Feeley Di 8
At first glance is a hand to the clean, but black in here that f 7 have taken the queen with Luke
Since the guard of the bark has been removed, I can not check white with f 7 and can checkmate
I will
And hardship is now queen attacked this night happy that are attacking this loop
There is no way to protect
So this is a loop, for example
Well take this and this is white, for example
Because it is exchange of Luke if I do not take it
I was able to belong to
Let's get into the last position
This position is a bit difficult, so please think that you will stop the video
I'm Square
What I should pay attention to in this position
By the queen dominating the common knowledge file
We do not have this king method fluff
So let's make it white here Look and take b 4
First you will receive this day shock and since Well black've taken a Bishop
It takes 9 intake b 4 and it is not white here and pay 9 d 5 e
This t 7 not only attack Nomasu
I 'm trying to fly, but why is that for example Queen fleeing somewhere
In this e7, King can not escape to this h file
I will be a checkmate
And so on black you have to miss the queen and you have to protect this e 7
but
Serubikku called a pony 7 of the Come bishop also not to have control
Point a queen
Yeah Bishop take the good with the but behind was able to frame obtained
So here is the video about the technique of removing your guard
Thank you for watching